Title:  Paragraphs with hard-wrapped lines

Seq:    1.1

Code:

Notice how Dylan starts the song by throwing us into the middle of a
conversation, and begins with an urgent statement. We don’t know where
the “here” is from which the speaker wants to escape, but we know he
wants out. The sense of drama is immediate. We find out that the two
people speaking are “the joker” and “the thief.” These are archetypal
characters that have existed in one form or another for thousands of
years. By identifying them in this way, Dylan invokes a sense of
timelessness. Because these figures are broad archetypes, there is
already a suggestion that this might be a parable of some sort, a story
whose essence remains the same over many different times, places and
characters. The joker, or jester, can be seen in general to represent
the artist: someone whose role is to amuse other members of the
established order, but also to provoke them, to suggest alternate ways
of looking at reality. And, of course, the joker and the thief are both
outsiders of a sort, united in their separation from more ordered
segments of society.

Body:

Notice how Dylan starts the song by throwing us into the middle of a
conversation, and begins with an urgent statement. We don’t know where
the “here” is from which the speaker wants to escape, but we know he
wants out. The sense of drama is immediate. We find out that the two
people speaking are “the joker” and “the thief.” These are archetypal
characters that have existed in one form or another for thousands of
years. By identifying them in this way, Dylan invokes a sense of
timelessness. Because these figures are broad archetypes, there is
already a suggestion that this might be a parable of some sort, a story
whose essence remains the same over many different times, places and
characters. The joker, or jester, can be seen in general to represent
the artist: someone whose role is to amuse other members of the
established order, but also to provoke them, to suggest alternate ways
of looking at reality. And, of course, the joker and the thief are both
outsiders of a sort, united in their separation from more ordered
segments of society.
